<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
<title>SENA - Notes of Meeting Held on 20/06/2011</title>
<link href="sena.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>

<body>
<h2>Notes From The Inaugural SENA Meeting on 20 June 2011</h2>

<h3>1. Introductions:</h3>

    <p>Mike Torbe welcomed residents to the first meeting of the embryonic
    South Earlsdon Neighbourhood Association (a SENA pod?!) and we
    introduced ourselves.</p>

<h3>2. Background - how we got to this first meeting at the Oak:</h3>

    <p>Mike outlined how he and Helen had leafleted roads in the South
    Earlsdon area, Where there is currently no residents association,
    to see whether residents would find an association of
    interest. Approximately 500 households were contacted in Warwick
    Avenue, Styvechale Avenue, Osborne Rd, Berkeley Road South,
    Providence Street and Moor Street. Several people at the meeting
    suggested that Beechwood Avenue, Woodland Ave and Stoneleigh
    Avenue should also be invited to join since they are otherwise
    quite isolated. The question of the geographical extent of the
    association is one to be returned to.</p>

<h3>3. Where do we go from here?</h3>

    <p>We discussed how the association might develop, and the suggestions
    fell into two areas.</p>

    <p>Firstly, we agreed that we would like the association to provide a
    social network to share information about developments or problems
    in the area. We would also like to meet more people in our
    street(s). While everyone at the meeting agreed this would be a
    good idea, there were two groups to think about in particular to
    help feel included - those who were newly arrived in the area,
    including students, and older residents who might be becoming more
    isolated. Social activities suggested were a picnic in the park, a
    plant sale, a street sale, a register of equipment residents might
    wish to lend to others, a welcome pack for new residents.</p>

    <p>Secondly, the association could work to monitor the physical
    environment of the area and work towards promoting appropriate
    developments in ways which individual residents cannot. SENA might
    work independently or in collaboration with other Earlsdon
    associations, depending on the issue. We acknowledged that these
    are tough economic times, but there are still options and
    decisions to be made about the quality of our neighbourhood
    environment and its development.</p>

<h3>4. Communication and organisation:</h3>

    <p>We discussed various possible approaches - the Echo, posters,
      leaflets, a desk outside the Co-op. A website would also be
      useful but so too is personal contact, and residents at the
      meeting (all but one of the streets were represented) agreed to
      start talking to their neighbours about the association and to
      take responsibility for leafleting their streets. The two key
      questions may be - What can we do for you? And what can you do
      for us? We noted that personal details must be held
      confidentially.</p>

    <p>We discussed how we might organise ourselves and agreed that
      this would evolve depending on the activities. Funding was
      discussed but no decisions were made.</p>

    <p>Mike will continue to act as chair and co-ordinator for anyone wishing
      to network with other residents. Ray, Sally and Deryck agreed to
      become actively involved.</p>

<h3>5. Next steps:</h3>

    <p>We said that we would like to talk to other Earlsdon residents'
    associations about how they had developed and the issues they
    focussed on. The suggested date for this is July 11th. We agreed
    to start with one social activity in August / September - watch
    this space.</p>

    <p>The publicans at the Oak had been very welcoming and had given us free
      access to the back room for this first meeting. Longer term we
      wondered whether we might find a member of the Criterion who
      would sponsor us so that we might meet there, at a more neutral
      venue where disabled access is possible.</p>

<h3>Dates for your diaries:</h3>

    <p>July 11 - meeting with reps from NENA and Rochester Road at
    either the Criterion or The Oak, venue to be confirmed.</p>

<hr />
<address>
  <a href="mailto:matthewv+senaweb@chiark.greenend.org.uk">SENA webmaster</a><br />
  Coventry, England
</address>
</body>
</html>
